Update README.md (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/blazor-maui-hybrid-app: README.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T1162029)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Use DevExpress MAUI and Blazor Components to Create a .NET MAUI Blazor Hybrid app

This demo example shows how to utilize DevExpress Blazor and .NET MAUI components to develop a .NET MAUI Blazor Hybrid app. 

## Blazor Hybrid View

<img src="media/hybrid-view.png" alt=".NET MAUI Blazor Hybrid view" height="400">

> This page uses the DevExpress Blazor Grid to display a list of tasks. Adaptive triggers reduce the number of columns and display a column chooser button on smaller screens. The code for this view is shared between MAUI and Blazor Server apps, but MAUI version uses a larger size mode.

Reviewer: I want to make sure that it's clear that "smaller screens" affect both "number of columns" and "column chooser button", not only the latter. So I move that phrase to the beginning. 

I'm also not sure what you want to say in the last sentence... But all that seems to be a separate thought, so I'm moving it to a separate paragraph. 

```suggestion
This page uses the DevExpress Blazor Grid to display a list of tasks. When the app is viewed on smaller screen sizes, adaptive triggers reduce the number of columns and display a column chooser button. 

The code for this view is shared between MAUI and Blazor Server apps. The MAUI version uses a larger size mode.
```
